The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz.
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
How vexingly quick daft zebras jump!
Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack.
Jumpy halfling dwarves pick quartz box.
Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz.
Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.
The five boxing wizards jump quickly.
Quick brown dogs jump over the lazy fox.
Grumpy wizards make toxic brew for the evil queen and jack.
A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog.
Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz.
The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack!
Jumping jacks quizzed mixed nymphs before vexing brave king.
Fix problem quickly with galvanized jets on the back.
The quick onyx goblin jumps over the lazy dwarf.
Cozy lummox gives smart squid who asks for job pen.
How razorback-jumping frogs can level six piqued gymnasts!
Few black taxis drive up major roads on quiet hazy nights.
Crazy Fredrick bought many very exquisite opal jewels.
The lazy major was fixing Cupid's broken quiver.
Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.
A quaint wizard jolts my coven of fox nymphs.
Boxing wizards jump quickly from the faxed gym.
The brown dog jumps over the quick lazy fox.
The fox jumps quickly over the lazy brown dog.
Just keep driving my way and fix the broken zipper on the jumpy frog's back.
Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes with jazzy music on weekends.
Jaded zombies acted quaintly but kept driving their oxen forward.
The five boxing wizards jump quickly to vex an evil sorcerer.
Watch "Jeopardy!", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game.
Amazingly few gymnasts jog quickly over hurdles without vexing jocks.
The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog sleeping in the park.
The lazy dog snoozes while the quick fox jumps over him.
Amazingly few gymnasts vault high quickly over just one box.
Glimpsing the horizon, the quick brown fox leaps over the lazy dog.
Six crazy kings vowed to jump quickly over the lazy dog for a prize.
Just when I thought I saw it all, the quick fox jumped over the lazy dog.
Jack quickly moved the box from the wizened teacher's desk.
Quiz jocks quickly learn vexing fuzzy math problems.